update Observability operations docs (#11357)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/operation-guides/07-uninstall-kyma.md

---
title: Uninstall Kyma or components
---

To remove Kyma from a running Kubernetes cluster, use the `kyma delete` Kyma CLI command. 

> If you want to remove just single components, go to your [Helm](https://helm.sh/) client and maintain the components as you need them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want to remove single components, go to your [Helm](https://helm.sh/) client and modify the components as you need them.
```
